# Improvised chicken and asparagus fricasée

A for improvised chicken and asparagus fricasee style sauce that I concocted on 3rd June 2022 using some fresh chicken and leftover vegetables.

**Preparation time:** 20m
**Cooking time:** 30m

## Ingredients
- 2 large chicken breasts
- 1 lemon, zested and juiced
- 1 bunch of asparagus
- ½ punnet of chestnut mushrooms
- 1 large leek
- 1 large onion
- 4 tbps plain flour
- 50g unsalted butter
- 2 tbsp dried oregano
- 500ml chicken stock made with 2 stock cubes
- 1 small pot single cream
- salt and pepper

## Method
1. Dice the chicken and marinade it in the lemon juice.  If you're in a rush, just leave it in there while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.
2. Chop the vegetables and set aside
3. Prepare the stock in a jug
4. Mix the flour, lemon zest and 1 tbsp of dried oregano on a plate
5. Lightly coat the chicken in the flour, lemon & oregano mixture
6. Heat a large saute pan on a high heat over the hob 
7. Add butter and wait for it to fully melt
8. Fry the onions until they start to become translucent
9. Add the chicken and fry until it starts to become golden brown.  Toss it regularly to prevent it from sticking and to ensure it cooks evenly.
10. Add all of the chicken stock into the pan and wait for it to start bubbling
11. Add the leeks and mushrooms into the pan and stir until the leeks start to turn soft
12. Add the other 1 tbsp of dried oregano and stir well
14. Add the asparagus into the pan and stir until the chicken & vegetables are fully cooked and only half covered by the stock
15. Take the pan off the heat and stir in the single cream, until the sauce reaches the desired consistency and creaminess
16. Season with salt and pepper as required
17. If serving immediately, return to the heat and ensure the sauce is piping hot throughout, otherwise cover and reheat it later


